Update v4.getting-started.markdown (#4)
nimratasingh01/preview.developer.concur.com: src/api-reference/direct-connects/hotel-service-4/v4.getting-started.markdown

}
```
If `otaCode` is missing in an error, then only generic error is displayed to user and may not provide proper context.  Any message text from the supplier will be logged but SAP Concur does not support displaying of supplier generated error messages directly in the UI.

## API Schema

Please navigate to [API Explorer](https://developer.concur.com/api-explorer/v4-0/HotelService.html#/) section to see and download Swagger/OpenAPI schema for this API.

## API Testing

In order to enable faster certification, SAP Concur provides the following testing tools that will allow CHS suppliers to validate majority of functional and non-functional requirements of this API during the development phase. Please use below tools as required during and after the development is complete and provide the test results to SAP Concur via Smartsheet.

### Functional Testing

> Please click on this [link](https://preview.developer.concur.com/api-reference/direct-connects/hotel-service-4/v4.tests.zip) to download our functional testing tool archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please click on this [link](./v4.tests.zip) to download our functional testing tool package.
```

   * Tool for functional testing includes [Postman](https://www.postman.com/downloads/) collection that validates responses for all API endpoints against OpenAPI [schema](https://developer.concur.com/api-explorer/v4-0/HotelService.html#/). 

>    * Tool also validates basic features of the API, for e.g. search response has properties in specified radius, all properties in details response have hotel images, checkin and checkout dates are valid, all hotel rates have meal amenity codes, cancel penalties have valid cancel deadlines, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Tool also validates basic features of the API, for e.g. search response has properties in specified radius, all properties in details response have hotel images, checkin and checkout dates are valid, all hotel rates have appropriate amenity codes, cancel penalties have valid cancel deadlines, etc.
```

   * For more detailed instructions to run these tests please refer to the README inside the testing tool zip.

### Performance Testing

> Please click on this [link](https://preview.developer.concur.com/api-reference/direct-connects/hotel-service-4/v4.perf-tests.zip) to download our non-functional testing tool archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please click on this [link](./v4.perf-tests.zip) to download our non-functional testing tool package.
```
